when we fill a bladder she
be loaded with a kind of power
with energy and the release of energy
so fast that we can only see
with a special globe camera
he arrives is nothing more than a lilac
it is as if it were an elastic of a
sling and all the classic on the hour in
that we stretch and accumulate energy
which is called elastic potential energy
at the time when we let go of the rubber band
releases energy in the form of motion to
bladder when we fill it up
also accumulates its potential energy
elastic and at the time that we burst the
elastic back to its original position
Only this back is so but so but so
quickly that we had refrained from
some kind of crap such as I
I think it will come back much faster in
time to burst than the talc will
take time to spread
it's hard to imagine take a look
in this image slogan
but I will not make an improvement on it
just take a look now how the movement
water is much slower than the
movement of the bladder laxative releasing
this energy
I know there's going to be a lot of people going to me.
ask how useful a bladder is
the bladder serves to make a mess online
and you know that mess is one of the
great priorities in the world manual
just take a look
and every year
Hi
It was now aaa
just so you know this quite hurt
Bixiga in my face and I already said pro
daniel going back and forth or at the time the
people watch these jokes pictures
in purple we may have the impression
that these cameras serve only to make
these movie scenes these things mean
playful but not quite like this
if you have a machine for example in
of anguish and this machine has
several springs and if you want to know how the
behavior of these balls but a way
very slowly in order to analyze how it is
that these pieces works, we can
use a snow moncho camera and a
The company that does this is links and
Our slow-motion series, I'm going.
leaving the language link
here below leaving here two sides
here too the video of soap bubbles
River boat show that side of our video
that explains how sound works in
slow motion